My story into blogs (#2563)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/blog/turning-a-tough-lesson-into-a-success.md

---
title: Turning a tough lesson into a success
date: "2019-08-26"
author: Danny Holliday
images:
  danny:
    path: "media/images/content/blog/stories-danny.jpg"
    thumbnail_path: "media/images/content/blog/stories-danny.jpg"
description: |-
  Teaching is a massive responsibility; you're tasked with working with hundreds of students each day, and they're placed into your care – that's quite a demanding responsibility. But it's part of what you do as a teacher.
keywords:
  - life as a teacher
  - day in the life
  - classroom
tags:
  - life as a teacher
---

$danny$

> I started in quite a hard school in a deprived area. I taught there for three years and it was tough, but extremely rewarding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I started in quite a hard school in a deprived area. I taught there for 3 years and it was tough, but extremely rewarding.
```

Behaviour management skills need to be absolutely spot-on if the students are to learn in your lessons, because there are a lot of barriers that can prevent the students from accessing that learning.

> I've worked with students who are, almost, PE refusers. Most you manage to get on-side and work with, but some have a preconceived view that it's not for them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I've worked with students who are, almost, PE refusers. Most you manage to get onside and work with, but some have a preconceived view that it's not for them.
```
